---
layout: post
title: "first post"
date: 2024-08-22
author: "alchen"
category: "blog"
tags: ["personal","coding"]
---
## Hello

Hello, I'm alchen, and this is my personal blog. I like to code, make videos, music, art; i like to think about a lot of disparate things. I made this blog to share these thoughts with the universe and to document my journey as a novice coder. I realize that in the age of social media conglomerates, in the age of Discords and Facebooks galore, blogs are very... *passé*. All the better. Plus, I've never made a webpage before. It's been fun.

When I was brainstorming names for this blog, I wanted something that resonated with both my personal interests and the themes I plan to explore here. After much thought, I settled on theBlackLodge. The name might seem a bit enigmatic at first, but if you're a fan of cult TV shows the name might ring a bell. **The Black Lodge** is a reference to the surreal and mysterious dimension from the iconic 90s series (and my personal favorite TV series) *Twin Peaks*, created by David Lynch and Mark Frost. The Black Lodge is a place where the boundaries between reality and the subconscious blur, where strange things happen, and where nothing is quite what it seems. It’s depicted as a place of great power and danger, but also as a gateway to deeper understanding — if you can survive its trials.

Sounds pretty fitting for a programmer.

## Why I Started This Blog

I've always been fascinated by our world and its trajectory — by technology's potential for both utopia and *pure unadultered hell*, by our sociology and what it reveals about us, and by the epistemological questions underpinning it all. I felt it was time to start documenting and sharing my thoughts, projects, experiences, and journey. This blog is a way for me to do that, and I hope it will be a valuable resource for others on similar paths.

## What to Expect

I have an idea of what this blog will be used for — but that idea is evergreen and subject to change at the whims of the hyperfocus of my ADHD. For now, you can expect to find:
- **Tutorials:** Step-by-step guides on various topics — mostly coding.
- **Personal Projects:** Insights into what I’m creating and learning.
- **Thoughts and Opinions:** My take on the latest trends in technology — or, whatever I wish to discuss.
- **Resources:** Tools, articles, and books that I think are neat and that have helped me along the way.

I believe that learning is a continuous and, in part, collaborative journey, and through this blog, I aim to share with and contribute to a broader community.

Stay tuned for more posts, and feel free to reach out if you have any questions or just want to connect. Thanks for visiting!
