---
layout: post
title: "project updates"
date: 2024-08-24 14:08:31
author: alchen
categories: project,coding,blog
tags: project,coding,blog,game,typescript,javascript,kotlin
excerpt: "what i'm working on"
---
# project updates

I thought I should check in and give a proper update on what I've been working on, instead of just hinting vaguely at 'projects.' Truth be told, I don't have much coding experience. Back in 2016, I took a stab at learning C++ by reading Bjarne Stroustrup's book, *The C++ Programming Language*. I got pretty far, and I had a blast, but I fell off the wagon around the time I landed a new job as a tax collections officer-I was unemployed at the time. Funny enough, I'm unemployed now too. Maybe that's why I'm drawn back to coding.

To be clear, I have no formal training, credentials, or education in computer science. I do plan to pursue a CS degree soon, but for now, I'm filling the gap with YouTube tutorials, GitHub repos, and my own coding projects. The first project, which really kickstarted my coding journey, was to archive the entirety of the (now defunct) RuneScape Official Forums. The idea came from a place of pure nostalgia: I used the forums a lot as a kid around 2006-2007, and it's where I made a lot of memories and friendships that persist to this day.

This nostalgic longing is what led me to browse the forums via the Wayback Machine one night, and that’s when and idea came to me: archive and parse the saved snapshots into a database and implement full-text search. I was totally out of my depth for this task, but I decided to go for it anyway. I’m happy to say that I’m almost done downloading the last of the snapshots—a total of over 3,000,000 unique pages—and, my tests at parsing the data have been a resounding success, which leaves me with the next big challenge of structuring the schema and writing queries for the database. I’ll admit, this is proving to be pretty tough since I’ve never written a SQL query in my life. But hey, we live in the age of ChatGPT. I’m sure I’ll figure it out.

My second project is much less of a priority and more of a pipe dream, despite it drawing a significant amount of my attention the last few days: I've been experimenting with creating a browser-based graphical MUD (Multi-User Dungeon). Yet again, I’m tackling a task I'm incredibly unqualified for (expect this to be a lifelong trend). Any guesses on what inspired me to take on this ridiculous challenge?

— *alchen*
