---
layout: post
title: "first post"
date: 2024-08-22
author: "tyrtles"
categories: ["Introduction", "Personal"]
tags: ["welcome", "first post", "journey"]
excerpt: "An introduction to my blog and intentions for the journey ahead."
image: "/assets/images/first-post-banner.jpg"
image_alt: "desc"
reading_time: "2 minutes"
published: true
---

# The Journey Begins: My First Blog Post

When I was brainstorming names for this blog, I wanted something that resonated with both my personal interests and the themes I plan to explore here. After much thought, I settled on theBlackLodge. The name might seem a bit enigmatic at first, but if you're a fan of cult TV shows the name might ring a bell. **The Black Lodge** is a reference to the surreal and mysterious dimension from the iconic 90s series *Twin Peaks*, created by David Lynch and Mark Frost. The Black Lodge is a place where the boundaries between reality and the subconscious blur, where strange things happen, and where nothing is quite what it seems.  It’s depicted as a place of great power and danger, but also as a gateway to deeper understanding — if you can survive its trials.

Sounds pretty fitting for a programmer.

## Why I Started This Blog

I've always been fascinated by our world and its trajectory—by technology's potential for both utopia and *pure unadultered hell*, by our sociology and what it reveals about us, and by the epistemological questions underpinning it all. I felt it was time to start documenting and sharing my thoughts, projects, experiences, and journey. This blog is a way for me to do that, and I hope it will be a valuable resource for others on similar paths.

## What to Expect

I have an idea of what this blog will be used for — but that idea is evergreen and subject to change at the whims of the hyperfocus of my ADHD. For now, you can expect to find:
- **Tutorials:** Step-by-step guides on various topics — mostly coding.
- **Personal Projects:** Insights into what I’m creating and learning.
- **Thoughts and Opinions:** My take on the latest trends in technology — or, whatever I wish to discuss.
- **Resources:** Tools, articles, and books that I think are neat and that have helped me along the way.

I believe that learning is a continuous and, in part, collaborative journey, and through this blog, I aim to contribute to the broader community.

## Looking Forward

I’m excited to see where this journey takes me, and I’m glad to have you along for the ride. Stay tuned for more posts, and feel free to reach out if you have any questions or just want to connect.

Thanks for visiting!
